Q1. What is Jpython and Cpython?
ANS:- Cpython is standard implementation of Python which is written in C.We call it Cpython to distinguish Python implementation
       of the language engine from Python programming language itself.It is ends up producing bytecode(machine instruction set) 
       which is Python specific and then executes it.The reason to convert Python code to a bytecode because it's easier to
       imolement an interpreter if it is looks like machine instructions.
      Jpython is the other implementation of Python which is implemented for Java. Jpython is used to converts Python code 
       in Java bytecode so it can be implemented in JVM. JVM is used to converts Java code in machine language and executes it.

Q2. What is difference between Python2 and Python3?
ANS:-              PYTHON 2                                                   PYTHON 3
	1. In Python2, print statement is used to print        1. In python3, print function is used to print any 
	   data.    						   data.
	   Ex:- print "hello"					   Ex:- print("hello")
	2. In this version of Python xrange() function	       2. range() function is used for iterations.
	   is uses for iterations.    
	3. Default storing of string is ASCII code. To	       3. Default storing of string is unicode.
	   store Unicode string value, you require to 
	   define them with "u".
	4. Exceptions should be enclosed in notations.         4. Exceptions should be enclosed in parenthesis.
	5. Value of global value can be changed while 	       5. Value of variable snever changed. 
	   using it inside for loop.   
	6. Whenever two integer are divided, you get a	       6. Whenever two integer are divided, you get a float value.
	    int value.   

Q3. What is difference between unicode and ASCII code?
ANS:-ASCII Extended solves the problem for languages that are based on the Latin alphabet.
     ASCII defines 128 characters, which map to the numbers 0–127.
     Unicode sis used to solve the problem for all type of languages.Unicode is superst of ASCII code.
      And the numbers 0–127 have the same meaning in ASCII as they have in Unicode. For example, the number
      65 means "Latin capital 'A'".