An example to show how to change umask values permanently.


Access the terminal from user root and create a regularuser account.
create normal user linux.
Check the default umask setting of user root and user regularuser.
Default umask setting is 022 and 002 for user root and user regularuser respectively.
Open two separate terminals (by pressing Alt+Ctrl+F2 and Alt+Ctrl+F3 keys combination) and login from user root and user regularuser respectively. 
Check the umask setting which both users receive.

Now change the default umask setting in /etc/bashrc file.
For regular user, set it to 444 (old value 002).
For root user, set it to 555 (old value 022).
Check umask setting again. 
Change cannot be applied in running terminal. you have to access the other terminal for testing. Open another terminal and test umask setting for both users.
umask values have been changed.

Since we only changed /etc/bashrc file ,the umask permissions for login shell should not be changed.
To confirm it, access two terminals(use Alt+Ctrl+F4 and Alt+Ctrl+F5 keys combinations) and login from user root and user regularuser.
umask permissions will not change for login shell.
Switch back and update umask permissions in /etc/profile file.

For root user set it to 222
For regular user set it to 111

Re-login from both users (root and regularuser) in their respective terminals and check the default umask permissions.
umask permissions have been changed. Since this time we changed the file which controls login shell, a non-login shell should not be affected.
To confirm it, switch back to terminal and close the opened terminal. Access new terminal and check umask permissions for both users again.
umask permissions in non-login shell are not changed.

When we changed /etc/bashrc file, the umask permissions for non-login shell were changed but umask permissions for login shell remained unchanged. 
Just like this, when we changed /etc/profile file, the umask permissions for login shell were changed but umask permissions for login shell remained unchanged.
This process can be used to change umask values permanently.