1.	When we add a new user using command useradd why the folder is not created inside the home directory?
Ans.	useradd is a low level utility for adding users so it doesnot show the folder.

2.	When we create a user, some hidden files are generated in the directory of the same user at that time. How is it done?

Ans. 	Hidden file is a folder or file which filesystem utilities do not display by default when showing a directory listing. 
	They are commonly used for storing user preferences or preserving the state of a utility, and are frequently created implicitly
 	by using various utilities. They are not a security mechanism because access is not restricted usually the intent is simply to not
 	clutter the display of the contents of a directory listing with files the user did not directly create.

3.	Make sub directories inside a parent directory by using single mkdir command.
Ans. 	mkdir -p A/{B,C,D,E}

	The -p flag tells the mkdir command to create the main directory first if it doesn’t already exist (A, in our case). 
	The words in the brackets are the subdirectories to be created. Each of the items in the brace expansion list 
	is appended separately to the preceding path A.

4. 	Change the Umask value for any user permanently.
Ans.	To change the default Umask value to anything, write a 
	new Umask value in your shell’s configuration file (~/.bashrc for Bash) or in the /etc/profile file.

5. 	How to add a new user with a Unique user id (e.g 1345) & check out the unique Id of that user.
 
Ans.	Use the -u (--uid) option to create a user with a specific UID. 
	For example to create a new user named username with UID of 1500 you would type:


	sudo useradd -u 1345 username

	You can verify the user’s UID, using the id command:


	id -u username
 1345	


6.	 Tac vs Cat command
Ans	Cat command is a well known Unix utility that reads files sequentially. 
	Writing them to conventional output. The name is derived from its function for concatenating and listing the documents. 
	Tac (that is “cat” backwards) concatenates every record to traditional output much like the cat command. 
	However in opposite line-by means of-line, printing the last line first. 

	The basic example of cat command:-
	1. $ cat text.txt
	The above command is to read files and display them.
	2. $ cat text.txt text2.txt>text3.txt
	This command can also be used to concatenate (join) multiple files into one single file using the “>” 
	3. The cat command is also used to copy the content from one file to an other new file.
	
	The basic example of tac command:-
	1.$ tac text3.txt

7.	How to add user without using adduser or useradd command?
Ans	Step1 :Add an entry for the user in /etc/passwd file.
	Step2: Add an entry for the group in /etc/group file.
	Step3: Create the home directory for the added user.
	Step4: Set the new user password using the passwd command.

8. 	How to change the group of any folder ?
Ans	to change the group of any folder we use *chgrp command*.
	

9.	How to change the group of files and the folder with a single command?
Ans.	Using the chgrp command 
	chgrp [OPTIONS] GROUP FILE..

	
GROUP, name of the new group
	
FILE... name of one or more files.

10.	Create a new user and at the same time you have to add that user into the group you already have?
Ans. 	useradd -G groupname username
	
