1. 	What are the different types of python compilers? what is Jpython and Cpython?
Ans.	Different types of Python Compilers:

	1)CPython.

	2)Jython or Jpython.

	3)IronPython.

	4)ActivePython.

	5)PyJS (it also is formerly known as Pyjamas).

	6)Nuitka.

	7)Stackless Python.
	
	CPython
	It is the most widely used interpreter in Python, developed in C and python, 
	the bindings for the interpreter must be written in a foreign language other than Python.
	CPython uses a Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) on each process thus python bytecode for 
	a single process is executed on a single thread.CPython finds its use as many libraries are C optimized 
	i.e. many libraries will run its processes faster in a C based code.
	The steps of compilation are as follows:- Decoding, Tokenizing, Parsing, AST(Abstract Syntax Tree), Compiling.
	
	 Jython or Jpython 
	Jython is an implementation that has been designed for the seamless integration of Python code over Java virtual machine, 
	the advantage of this integration is that it provides an opportunity for an action of a popular scripting language like python 
	to a vast library of the Java virtual machine. Jython compiles files to .class extensions.
	The Jython programs can inherit and run any Java class and compile the code to bytecode. Along with this Jython can be
	used to implement any Java-based packages especially desirable for creating solutions using Servlets, Swing, SWT, 
	and AWT packages.

2.	Difference between python2 and python3.
Ans	1. Python2 is legacy, Python3 is the future.
	2. Python2 and Python 3 have different(sometimes incompatible) libraries.
	3.There is better unicode support in Python3.
	4.Python3 has improved integer version.
	5.They have different print syntax statement.

3.	Difference between ASCII and unicode.
Ans	1.ASCII uses an 8-bit encoding while Unicode uses a variable bit encoding.
	2.Unicode is standardized while ASCII isn’t.
	3.Unicode represents most written languages in the world while ASCII does not.
	4.ASCII has its equivalent within Unicode