Ques-1 What is JPython & CPython?
Ans-1  CPYTHON
       The default implementation of the Python programming language is Cpython. As the name suggests Cpython is written in C language. Cpython compiles the python 
       source code into intermediate bytecode, which is executed by the Cpython virtual machine. CPython is distributed with a large standard library written in a 
       mixture of C and Python. CPython provides the highest level of compatibility with Python packages and C extension modules. All versions of the Python language  
       are implemented in C because CPython is the reference implementation.
    
       JPYTHON
       Jython is an implementation of the Python programming language that can run on the Java platform. Jython programs use Java classes instead of Python modules .
       Jython compiles into Java byte code, which can then be run by Java virtual machine. Jython enables the use of Java class library functions from the Python 
       program. Jython is slow as compared to Cpython and lacks compatibility with CPython libraries.

Ques-2 Basic difference between Python2 & python3.
Ans-2 version 3.0 was mainly released to fix problems which exist in Python 2. The nature of these change is such that Python 3 was incompatible with 
      Python 2. It is backward incompatible Some features of Python 3 have been backported to Python 2.x versions to make the migration process easy in Python 3.
      As a result, for any organization who was using Python 2.x version, migrating their project to 3.x.

Ques-3 Difference between ASCII & unicode.
ANS-3 Unicode and ASCII both are standards for encoding texts. Uses of such standards are very much important all around the world. Code or standard provides unique 
      number for every symbol no matter which language or program is being used. From big corporation to individual software developers, Unicode and ASCII have
      significant influence. Communication between different regions in the world was difficult but this was needed in every time. 