1) What is jpython and cpython?
answer-  Jython is the JVM implementation of the Python programming language. It is designed to run on the Java platform. 
A Jython program can import and use any Java class. Just as Java, Jython program compiles to bytecode. One of the main advantages is that a user interface designed in Python can use GUI elements of AWT, Swing or SWT Package.
Jython, which started as JPython and was later renamed, follows closely the standard Python implementation called CPython as created by Guido Van Rossum. 
Jython was created in 1997 by Jim Hugunin. Jython 2.0 was released in 1999. Since then, Jython 2.x releases correspond to equivalent CPython releases. 
Jython 2.7.0 released in May 2015, corresponds to CPython 2.7. Development of Jython 3.x is under progress.

CPython is the reference implementation of the Python programming language. Written in C and Python, CPython is the default and most widely used implementation of the language.
CPython can be defined as both an interpreter and a compiler as it compiles Python code into bytecode before interpreting it.
 It has a foreign function interface with several languages including C, in which one must explicitly write bindings in a language other than Python.

2)Basic differece between python2 & python3
answer-  KEY DIFFERENCE.
 a.  Python 3 syntax is simpler and easily understandable whereas Python 2 syntax is comparatively difficult to understand.
b. Python 3 default storing of strings is Unicode whereas Python 2 stores need to define Unicode string value with "u."
c. Python 3 value of variables never changes whereas in Python 2 value of the global variable will be changed while using it inside for-loop.
d. Python 3 exceptions should be enclosed in parenthesis while Python 2 exceptions should be enclosed in notations.
e. Python 3 rules of ordering comparisons are simplified whereas Python 2 rules of ordering comparison are complex.
f. Python 3 offers Range() function to perform iterations whereas, In Python 2, the xrange() is used for iterations.

3)Difference between ASCII & unicode.
answer-  DIFFERENCE
1.ASCII uses an 8-bit encoding while Unicode uses a variable bit encoding.
2.Unicode is standardized while ASCII isn’t.
3.Unicode represents most written languages in the world while ASCII does not.
4.ASCII has its equivalent within Unicode.



